c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\social-geo-fringe.dll.config
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\social-geo-fringe.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\social-geo-fringe.pdb
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\LinqToTwitter.AspNet.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\LinqToTwitterPcl.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\obj\Debug\social-geo-fringe.csproj.App.config
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\obj\Debug\social-geo-fringe.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\obj\Debug\social-geo-fringe.dll
c:\users\zmayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\social-geo-fringe\social-geo-fringe\obj\Debug\social-geo-fringe.pdb
